What the hell looks up to you?
Jiang Lili, we are looking for you
Ah Jiang Lili
You kill people?
Oops second brother
Second son, what are you doing?
He suddenly rushed out and hugged me and touched me
Not self-defense
You fart
Have you not counted your own virtues?
My son is very talented.
Why did you fall in love with such a fat woman?
Jiang Lili, you have to lie to a certain extent, right?
Every man in this village hides from you
How could Second Brother Wang be a hooligan to you?
Oh, my poor thing
Folks, arrest this poisonous woman for me
Don't let him get away
Hahahahaha
Jiang Mi Lian, let's see how your umbrella escapes
Why did Gao Leng slander me?
No one persuaded you just because you are fat?
Because I'm fat, can I insult and trample at will?
Yeah, just because you're fat you're guilty
You can ask
In this village
Who would believe Wang Er and the black person?
Folks
Beat this murderer brother to death for me, Jiang Lin, be careful
Brother Lee
No matter whether what Jiang Lili said is true or not
It's a crime for you to hurt people
Okay, okay.
Second aunt, hurry up and take your son to the hospital first
Then what should this fat woman do if she runs away? I call the shots.
Lock up the house first
Let's talk about the second son's situation
You are illegally detained
You go with them first
Trust me, I'll handle it.